[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> If we want to be alive, we
must eat foods that are alive.
If we want to be
dead, eat dead foods.
It's really as simple as that.
And it's easy to find dead foods
out there-- anything that's
processed, that's refined,
that's hydrogenated,
irradiated, pasteurized,
cooked, fried.
Anything that's exposed to
high heat is a dead food.
And if you eat enough
of that, you're
going to accelerate
your own death too.
Raw foods are all about
reversing that, or extending
your life, and enhancing
the quality of your life
by taking in those foods that
your body was meant to ingest.
That's why raw foods
are so powerful.
That's why I make
them part of my diet,
and I really promote them
to everyone else who's
interested in lifelong health.
Because raw foods are
the natural medicine
your body needs.
>> The body is designed to work.
It's designed to
regenerate itself.
This is what we're meant to do.
You get new cells
every seven years.
You get new tissue
every three months.
The body is in an ongoing
cycle of regeneration.
Why isn't it regenerating?
It isn't getting the
materials to do it--
enzymes, oxygen, and usable
nutrients for the body.
>> The live food protocol,
which is a way of life
and a lifestyle, because
it isn't just live food.
It's exercise, it's
yoga, it's meditation.
It's the whole lifestyle,
the whole energy,
creates an anti-aging effect.
We need to understand
that diabetes is
an accelerated aging process.
Your arteries
degenerate, your heart
degenerates, your nervous
system degenerates,
your brain degenerates.
And what you see,
which is miraculous,
is people are regenerating.
We've turned on the
anti-aging gene, which
is the basic theory of the
whole thing why this works,
and they've upgraded
their genetic expression,
and you're getting younger.
When you're getting younger,
you're reversing the process,
and you're coming of
all your medications,
because you don't need
'em, because they're
for degeneration.
That's the beauty of it.
>> Who doesn't want to look
and feel as good as possible?
Why have expensive plastic
surgery, when eating raw can
give you fantastic results?
Just take a look at
Playboy playmate Lillian
Muller at age 55.
Wow.
She looks like she's
ready to do another cover.
>> My name is Lillian Muller.
I am from Norway.
I grew up on a farm.
I was a typical farm
girl from Norway, really.
And I did not get into
veganism or vegetarianism
until I came to America.
I became a vegan at 27.
I was the runner-up
Miss Norway at 18.
That's how it started.
I became a model in
London in my early 20s.
I was the Page Three
girl in the London Sun.
Then Playboy saw me.
I was 24.
And I got an offer
to come to America
and become the centerfold.
The first year in America I
lived at the Playboy Mansion.
Hugh Hefner was my
first boyfriend here.
And since I was Hugh
Hefner's girlfriend,
I was allowed to go in there.
I'd take a chair and sit in
this refrigerator and just eat,
you know.
Because I came from very
simple circumstances and all.
We were quite poor actually.
And I had never seen, you
know, big buckets of crab legs
and boiled eggs in trays
and whole grilled chickens
and filet mignon and salmon.
So I gained 12
pounds in six weeks.
And I was not a
very healthy person.
But I became
Playmate of the Year.
I had a big-time career.
I started working in
American television.
And Hugh Hefner and I split
up after that first year.
And I remember, I
was studying voice
and acting in Hollywood Hills
with a very, very interesting
woman called Laura Hart.
And one day she said to
me, I can't teach you
because you can't
collect your thoughts.
You can't concentrate.
You're always depressed.
You seem to be anxiety-ridden,
and always worried
about your weight.
And, you know, my fingers
would always swell up.
And I was anemic.
I used to pass out all the time.
And she said, you'd
better go and see
a friend of mine
called Gene Stanley.
And I studied the
following year with
this wonderful holistic
doctor called Gene Stanley.
That year I became a
fruitarian actually.
I did almost one year on fruit.
It's the most extreme
of raw food diets.
And that really started me
on this whole raw thing,
and, you know,
becoming super healthy.
Now it's been 29 years since
I became a vegan, vegetarian.
In those 29 years I have
barely had any dairy products.
And I think I've had fish a
couple of times in those 29
years.
I never touch meat.
The fruitarian diet, for
me, is the perfect diet.
I never leave that.
Though I don't always
have the willpower
to stay on the fruitarian 100%.
I get a little bored
once in a while.
You know, and also organic--
you know, I don't just do fruit.
When I do fruit I do organic
food if it's available.
And they say that every
seven years your body
totally change from down to
all your cells and tissues.
Everything changes
every seven years.
So actually if you become
raw today or a fruitarian
or a vegan or whatever
is your goal to be,
in seven years-- which
is so great about this.
You know, it's not like--
you don't age like
normal or average people,
because you can actually--
you can start becoming
like super healthy today
like a raw vegan diet like
I believe in the most--
organic if you can get it.
And in seven years from now, you
can become a healthier person.
>> You know, we understand
flexibility is the contrary
point to aging.
With aging there's a
tendency to contract.
And with youthing there's
a tendancy to expand.
So what we see is
flexibility increases,
and that's a sign of really
the anti-aging process.
It's my own life.
This physical body is
chronologically 65-years-old.
When I was 60, I
did 601 push-ups.
When I was a captain of
an undefeated football
team at Amherst College,
middle linebacker, guard,
I could do 70 push-ups.
Here I am, 40 years later,
being able to do literally nine
to 10 times more
push-ups than I could
do when I was a 20-year-old.
What does that tell us?
It actually tells us
that we are setting off
an anti-aging thing.
And it's not just physical.
It's not just endurance.
It is a sense of
youthfulness, a sense of joy,
a sense of happiness.
Life greatly improves.
Why?
Because we've set up and
activated the anti-aging genes.
We have activated
the youthing genes.
>> I'm Tom Hairabedian.
I'm 83-years-old.
And I have a doctor's degree
in physical education.
I'm interested in
raw foods, and I've
been taking them for some time.
Well I'm the oldest
one diving now.
The other divers, the older
divers, as they grew older,
they racked up all
kinds of problems.
And a good many
of the divers have
had knee replacements, hip
replacements, back surgery,
heart surgery.
I've had none of those.
But they say, well,
we have knee problems.
What are you doing
for yourself, Tom?
And I tell him about--
take Norwegian cod liver
oil, eat raw foods.
So this is what we're doing.
And as a result, I'm
still in one piece.
I don't have any
metal in my body.
And anybody can start
at any age, at any time.
If you get nutrition that
they need for their bodies,
it's healthier, you're
stronger, you can do more.
And according to my bio-activity
charts that I looked at,
I'm supposed to live
to be 109, but I
don't think that will happen.
But I'm going to try anyway.